okay folks welcome back this teaching is
going to be specifically dealing with
the ICT Asian kill zone
okay the Asian kills them this is the
first of several specific times of the
day where I like to look for setups
admittedly this is the least active time
of the day for me I live in the North
American continent on the East Coast so
whatever time it is in New York time in
States
that's my local time so what ICT
concepts are going to use in this module
again the importance of time and price
the Asian open
the Asian session and important
characteristics that make up the Asian
session okay first we're going to get
into the Asian open now this time of day
you're going to find that the Australian
dollar the New Zealand dollar Japanese
yen pairs are ideal for this time of day
they're active their markets are open at
that time and it goes without saying
that if their markets are trading
actively as it relates to their specific
currency in country of origin this small
little window of opportunity for North
American traders to trade after a 9:00
to 5:00 job could fit exactly what
you're hoping to do as a part-time gig
if you will and or your trading model
could be completely built around the
asian session and never be up for london
or trade in new york session now the
agent open can sometimes set up an
optimal trade entry pattern that can
offer 15 to 20 pips for a scalp now the
higher time frame bias is helpful here
but short term retracements and either a
bull or bear market can offer similar
octal trade and 3 setups as an example
here this is the dollar yen pair and
again I'm not trying to zoom in on these
charts because the details are not
important at this point I'm just trying
to build up an overview of the specifics
about the asian session that are
important right now the salient points
if you will there's other details and a
lot of details that go into this
timeframe but you're gonna find that if
you are looking for trades in this time
of day
these pairs the Aussie New Zealand
dollar and Japanese yen tend to do very
well as you can see here in this example
to the right you can see the Asian
it's deleted here and if you look at
Forex Ltd that's the demo account I
teach with if you hit ctrl Y on a
15-minute time frame that vertical line
is gonna be delineating what I have
referred to as the Asian open now it'll
fluctuate back and forth relative to
daylight savings time but for the most
part I'm looking at a window of about
two hours so even though it may not
start exactly at 7 o'clock or 8 o'clock
in the States and even time relative to
the daylight savings time shift it takes
place if that shift is taking place in
terms of time like right now we are in
daylight savings time at the time of
this recording in December 2017 and when
we leave this
daylight savings time it'll shift a
little bit but I use a two hour window
said it doesn't have a great impact at
all so what I look for is a move that
originates or forms immediately after
the Asian open
another example here the New Zealand
dollar again very similar this one you
can see the optimal trade entry comes
down with just one singular candle on a
15-minute time frame comes down gives an
optimal trade entry runs equal highs in
the previous day's range and ultimately
runs all up to the previous Friday's
high now this is all done during the
asian session prior to Frankfurt open or
London open now we're gonna talk about
the asian session now the periods when
the market is not willing to run in the
Asian session other words there's not
gonna be an optimal trade entry pattern
it will consolidate until midnight New
York time now the Asian trading session
actually extends beyond the midnight
hour of New York time but I focus
specifically in the realm of the Asian
open to midnight so there's a range of
several hours okay that I deem as the
asian session for my trading even though
it does trade past midnight New York
time the setup or the information that I
glean from these hours prior to midnight
are going to be covered in future
tutorials and teachings but there is a
limitation because I go into greater
detail in the mentorship but you will
get a plethora of insights using this
specific range of time but for now the
importance of the consolidation holds
many clues to how the daily range will
develop over the remainder of the
24-hour trading day now these will be
covered again in future lessons but I
want you to take a look at this example
here the euro dollar now generally this
pair isn't very active during the asian
session there are times when it is
active and it creates a significant high
or low or it begins the daily range high
or low in this delineation of time for
the most part it tends not to do that so
when it's not doing that we can view
this
Asian session as a consolidation that
will in future lessons be very
meaningful and significant in terms of
our analysis much like the euro dollar
the pound dollar again generally is not
very active in this time of day so when
it is not poised to make a significant
higher load during the asian session or
start running off of an optimal trade
entry during the asian session again we
would anticipate that particular time of
day to be in a consolidation and again
these consolidations will be very
significant to us in future teachings ok
the asian session characteristics now
the pairs that are not coupled with the
dollar index or as we refer to as
crosses are most active during this time
of day the US dollar tends to
consolidate until midnight New York time
which frees crosses like Aussie yen
Pound Ozzie and many other pairs that
cross with the busy currencies of this
time of day now what type of currencies
would that be well like we can do a
pound Swiss those types of to me that's
an exotic I don't trade them I tend to
stay away from them and that's the other
reason why I don't like to trade the
asian session as well I am NOT trying to
discourage you from researching and
studying it because it may end up
becoming your niche it may be the thing
that you are going to excel at best so I
don't want to give you the commentary in
light of my own tastes and try to mold
what you try to do or what you don't
like and what you should like based on
what I say I like so my opinion or my
personality doesn't suit well for these
times a day like these are my these are
my family hours ok or as you know my
Twitter hours after after market hours
but if you are a working class hero and
you can't be watching the markets in
today throwing to London and or New York
session
you have to do something in the evening
hours but before midnight and still have
a restful sleep you can trade these
crosses at this time of day and many
times you can catch anywhere between 20
and 50 pips not every single day but a
couple times a week you can find
scenarios like that in the crosses so
now with this understanding we can look
at an example like the Aussie yen here
so you can see a beautiful example of
how we have equal lows the previous
trading day late New York and there was
an optimal trade entry cell where it
runs 20 pips below the New York session
lows
all way down to a perfect symmetrical 20
pip
sweep and also a beautiful Fibonacci
extension overlay but if you are like I
said someone that's working in the
States and you're limited in your time
of day where you can be active you can
supercharge the asian session by using
the cross pairs now you can still get
movement in like the Aussie dollar the
dollar yen you need New Zealand Dollars
those types of pairs but you're gonna be
getting a drag sometimes because of the
dollar index you get much more
volatility by having it a couple with a
cross number it's like a euro Aussie a
pound Swissy something like that we have
a lot more volatility because of the
cross nature of the pair and it's not
being held back or limited by way of the
dollar index okay speaking of the pound
Swissy you can see this one here gives a
beautiful example of a bullish optimal
trade entry and it trades above previous
day's high and it reaches up into a
target one on the Fibonacci so we're
seeing these trades form prior to
London's volatility and we're also
seeing it outside the scope of New York
so over the evening hours of the North
American continent where everyone sits
down at dinner and then sits down a
family time and watches TV or whatever
they do I don't really consume a lot of
TV but whatever the normal American
family is doing in those hours if you
have the opportunity to look at the
marketplace at the Asian session there's
about 2 sometimes 3 hours where you can
really dial in and get a set up and many
times it's going to come in the form of
the cross so anything that's not coupled
to a dollar but has a pair that's
usually active during the asian session
and again that's the Aussie New Zealand
the yen those pairs tend to do
a lot of movement because their their
countries are active either markets are
open at that time and even though there
are smaller markets they do start the
financial day now gonna agree on one
thing we're going to agree that the
financial day starts at midnight New
York time because right now the dollar
is still the reserve currency whether
you want to accept that or believe it
that's just the way it is and what I
view as the key point of the day is
midnight New York time so if we can look
for that small little window of
opportunity between the Asian open and
midnight that's a sweet spot for crosses
now there are times in the day like in
London or New York where a cross can
move and that's going to be done by
manipulation with the dollar this time
of day the dollars usually quiet so
we're not going to see a lot of
manipulation by the way the dollar so
all the movement is going to be done by
using the crosses so if you look for a
strong currency against a weak currency
during this time of day and get an
optimal trade entry pattern you'll get
many times a wonderful opportunity to
trade during a typical slow period of
the 24-hour banking cycle so hopefully
you found this teaching insightful if
you want to find more information like
this you can find it at the inner circle
trader calm or my youtube channel
inner-circle trader until next time I
wish you good luck and good trading